feat(docs): No generic "Expo app" usage (#18942)
expo/expo: docs/pages/guides/authentication.md

- **Environment:** Development or production projects in Expo Go, or in a standalone build.
- **Create:** Use `AuthSession.makeRedirectUri({ useProxy: true })` to create this URI.

>   - The link is constructed from your Expo username and the app's EAS Update `slug`, which are appended to the proxy website.

Reviewer: 'slug' isn't something specific to EAS Update, in fact the opposite.

Author: ```suggestion
  - The link is constructed from your Expo username and the Expo config (**app.json**) `slug`, which are appended to the proxy website.
```

- **Environment:** Production projects that you `eas update`'d and opened in the Expo Go app.
- **Create:** Use `AuthSession.makeRedirectUri({ useProxy: false })` to create this URI.

>   - The link is constructed from your Expo username and the app's EAS Update `slug`, which are appended to the Expo Go app URI scheme.

Reviewer: 'slug' isn't specific to EAS Update, in fact the opposite.

Author: ```suggestion
  - The link is constructed from your Expo username and the Expo config (**app.json**) `slug`, which are appended to the Expo Go app URI scheme.
```
